{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16560\viewh13100\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Steps to run the Car Rental System:\

\f1\b0 \
1. Run the main.py file.\
2. You will get a Welcome message and a the count for the total number of cars available in the system.\
3. After the welcome message, there will be a prompt to ask the user if they want to 
\f2\i\b rent a car or return a previously rented car
\f1\i0\b0 .\
4. If the user choose to rent a car, then a prompt will ask for the 
\f2\i\b category of car
\f1\i0\b0  that they are interested in.\
5. After selecting an appropriate category, A list of all the available cars in that category will be displayed with all the details of the cars like price, carID, name. And a prompt will ask the ID of the car that you want to rent.\
6. After entering the car ID, it will ask to enter the customer ID. There are two customer IDs available. 
\f0\b Customer ID for 
\f2\i General customer: 100;
\f0\i0   Customer ID for 
\f2\i Vip customer: 101
\f0\i0 .
\f1\b0 \
7. A message will be displayed. After which the system will ask for the 
\f2\i\b booking start date
\f1\i0\b0  in a specified.\
8. After entering the booking start date, it will ask for the 
\f2\i\b booking end date
\f1\i0\b0 .\
9. A booking confirmation prompt will ask for the confirmation for the selected dates.\
10. After confirming the dates, a final booking confirmation prompt will appear.\
11. Confirming this prints the confirmation message.\
\

\f0\b To return a previously rented car:
\f1\b0 \
\
12. It will ask for the customer ID. There are two customer IDs available. Customer ID for 
\f3\i General customer: 100;
\f1\i0   Customer ID for 
\f3\i Vip customer: 101
\f1\i0 .\
13. After confirming the customer ID,
\f2\i\b  Bill gets displayed
\f1\i0\b0 . \
14. A prompt asks for the final payment. And after payment, the system starts from the start. While displaying the total number of cars available.}